This code provides a Python script for creating a simple GUI-based Grayscale Image Converter.

Functionality:

   1)Users can select an image file (PNG or JPG format) using a file chooser dialog.
   2)The selected image is converted to grayscale using OpenCV.
   3)The grayscale image is saved with a new filename indicating it's grayscale.

Code Breakdown:

Imports:

    tkinter: Provides core elements for creating GUIs in Python.
    filedialog: Offers functions for displaying file chooser dialogs.
    ttk: Enables the use of themed widgets for a more consistent and modern look.
    cv2: Imports the OpenCV library for image processing tasks like grayscale conversion.
    os: Used for manipulating file paths and extracting filenames without extensions.

Functions:

    convert_to_grayscale(filename):
        Loads the image using OpenCV's cv2.imread.
        Performs the conversion to grayscale with cv2.cvtColor.
        Saves the grayscale image with a new filename appended with "_grayscale" using cv2.imwrite.
        Prints a message indicating successful conversion and the saved filename.

    choose_file():
        Opens a file chooser dialog using filedialog.askopenfilename.
        Updates the filename label to display the selected file path.
        Calls convert_to_grayscale with the selected filename to initiate the conversion.

GUI Implementation:

    The script creates a main window using tk.Tk().
    It sets the window title using root.title.
    root.geometry defines the window size and position, centering it on the screen.
    A dark gray background is set with root.configure(bg="#303030").

Widgets:

    filename_label: A label displaying the selected filename using ttk.Label.
    choose_button: A button that triggers the file chooser dialog and conversion process using ttk.Button.
        Its style is customized with a dark theme and white text using style.configure.

Running the Script:

Save the code as a Python file (e.g., grayscale_converter.py) and execute it from the command line:

python grayscale_converter.py

This will launch the GUI, allowing you to select images for conversion.
